docs: Add description for multi-worker fluentd (#1491)
kube-logging/logging-operator: docs/multi-worker.md

# Mutli-Worker Fluentd Setup

## Necessity

In specific scenarios, a fluentd with a single worker instance cannot process and forward the high amount of logs produced on clusters. This can lead to fluentd Pods not accepting additional traffic from fluent-bits and fluent-bits suffering under Backpressure. In the end, both fluentd and fluent-bit Pods might run into their memory limits and get restarted by Kubernetes. Enabling multiple worker processes per fluentd Pod will increase the performance of this component, so it is recommended to use a multi-worker approach in environments with high log volume. Additionally the official [fluentd documentation](https://docs.fluentd.org/deployment/multi-process-workers) might be helpful.

## Recommended implementation

When enabling the multi-worker setup, it is recommended to ensure the following things:

> - Place the fluentds on separate Nodes

Reviewer: nit: I beleive that should be achived by antiaffinity rules, we can mention it or add to the example as well (optional)

Author: This was not my intention. I wanted to have separate Nodes for the fluentds, so that other workload is not scheduled on the same Node.

Reviewer: fair enough

- Increase the compute and memory resources 

> - Configure a buffer volume for fluentd

Reviewer: nit: fluentd is configured with a buffer volume by default, I'm not entirely sure this is required (but at least it doesn't hurt either)

Author: You are right, I will remove it.

- Do not use specific filter plugins
  - detectExceptions [is not working](https://github.com/kube-logging/logging-operator/issues/1490)
- Also scale [horizontally](https://kube-logging.dev/docs/logging-infrastructure/fluentd/#autoscaling)

To ensure that the fluentd Pods have enough resources, a common approach is to use specific Nodes for the fluentds and to reserve enough computing and memory resources. A new nodePool should be created with a specific label and a taint. Ideally, the nodeType is compute-optimized. It could look like the following:
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Node
metadata:
  labels:    
    type: cpu
  name: node1
spec:
  taints:
  - effect: NoSchedule
    key: type
    value: cpu
```

> The corresponding setting in the Logging-CRD is looking like follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corresponding setting in the Logging resource looks like follows:
```

```yaml
fluentd:
  nodeSelector:
    type: cpu
  tolerations:
  - effect: NoSchedule
    key: type
    operator: Equal
    value: cpu
```

Additionaly we will have to increase the resources that are requested by the fluentd Pods. In the default setting they use following requests and limits:
```yaml
- Limits:
  - cpu: 1000m
  - memory: 400M
- Requests:
  - cpu: 500m
  - memory:  100M
```

> In this short walkthrough, we will increase the fluentd workers from `1` to `5`. Therefore, we will multiply the requests and limits with factor 5 to ensure enough resources are reserved. Additionally, we will set requests and limits to the same values to ensure that the fluentd Pods are not affected by other workloads on the Node. This is, in general, a good practice. We do this by changing the Logging-CRD like follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this short walkthrough, we will increase the fluentd workers from `1` to `5`. Therefore, we will multiply the requests and limits with factor 5 to ensure enough resources are reserved. Additionally, we will set requests and limits to the same values to ensure that the fluentd Pods are not affected by other workloads on the Node. This is, in general, a good practice. We do this by changing the Logging resource as follows:
```

```yaml
fluentd:

>   nodeSelector:
>     type: cpu
>   tolerations:
>   - effect: NoSchedule
>     key: type
>     operator: Equal
>     value: cpu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would only highlight the relevant part in each step as you show the complete config in the last step anyways

Author: I will change that

Author: Changed

  resources:
    limits:
      cpu: 5
      memory: 2G
    requests:
      cpu: 5
      memory: 2G
```

The fluentd-Pods should receive their input and buffer them on their filesystem. After that, the workers can pick the logs up, process and forward them to their final destination. For this, we will have to configure a PVC and a buffer volume:

```yaml
fluentd:
  nodeSelector:
    type: cpu
  tolerations:
  - effect: NoSchedule
    key: type
    operator: Equal
    value: cpu
  resources:
    limits:
      cpu: 5
      memory: 2G
    requests:
      cpu: 5
      memory: 2G

>   rootDir: /buffers

Reviewer: This setting should be changed together with the workers setting, I would move it there and highlight these should be set together.

Author: I will change that

Author: changed
